what's up my kids first of all I
wanted to thank you from the bottom of my heart to
everyone who has supported me with
the last wine to see and with the whole issue
that surrounds them
from here to tell you from me instead of
afa that it's good that he rests in peace and
that good that life goes on no that
life so outside of youtube and that it hasn't
gone so bad for him whether you like it or
not he continues to have the support and he
always will from the florist of
cotiano and well from people like cuido
and rol 10 who gives less than a stone and there's no
outside of today's joker it's that all the
people who are supporting this kid
are no more no less because they hate me and
simply because they hate me they
have to support everyone
with whom I'm fighting and I wanted to
send you a message okay you can
continue hating me all you want
okay that it doesn't please you that it disgusts you
a lot because I messed with
Dallas or combine that with whoever you want
but in this case you have to
take the  blindfold and be
totally objective because i'm
giving you the reality of a kid who is
well like jairo blogs
2 the only thing he doesn't make videos of other people's
cheating on each other well being
totally objective and sincere it must be
said that the one who has taken the most hits
in the end has been win michu
because we have stirred things up again
and his dirty laundry has come out again
so i'm sorry
with you things are new and well it
seems that we are left waiting for the
real answer although i'm already
missing it i say that you can't do
absolutely anything because you are a
complete liar all proven with
evidence and more that i'm going to give in this
video i ask everyone please to
stay until the end because there
was something that i left
out although always remember that i have
an ace up my sleeve and that
apparently he is preparing an answer for me
but i have realized that while he
is preparing the answer to
deny migue and not see undeniable he
has deleted like half a million views from his channel
so you have to hide beck glasses
what a coincidence that he is  preparing a
response and remove half a million
views from your channel with the rats and
miserable that you are with the issue of
visits I have been fighting around there a
little and well the video that has been removed
has been the one that made to dallas
dallas nihuil mission and ruben your videos
I do not have the video I was watching it
quickly and I think that the reason that
may have been removed is because it
looks too much like this video from
youtube jolie it even looks like it is
in the title so we would be
facing another shot of Mr. beta fa when
I say plagiarism it is not a literal plagiarism as I
said the other time okay wing chun
has not changed it is totally word for
word idea by idea taken from measure
made in you know I apologize for that
but many times I do not express myself
very well I am not a professional
when I say plagiarism I mean that this
kid does not get anything of his own invention
other deleted videos in which he
compares the nose of one with the other I do
not know the reason I also have this video it
is not the reason why he has
removed it I do not know if it is because
the video is truly pathetic and
ridiculous or because within the  video
acknowledges that he watches my videos and my
live streams on you know but the other day I
was seeing if I wasn't talking
about how an author blake and also
deleted another one in which it is supposed according to
the title that he humiliates a fan boy the
wind michu better I don't want to know why
to delete this video but I imagine
that the nonsense and insults that he would
say to that kid would be tremendous who
owes nothing fears nothing of fraud and well
surely you're going to make me a
very nice response video very well edited
because you are you are a [ __ ] machine
editing surely you are going to take
contradictions of mine from before when
I thought one thing and you are going to compare it with
things that I say now because if we are
people we change our opinions
surely in these four years I have
told you a lot of times maybe
for your nose with mine see which is
bigger of the two and surely the video
even [ __ ] edited and
an incredible serve will appear but you know
what you can't edit straight [ __ ]
tubes in the audios that showing your
hypocrisy you can't edit your
lack of desire to work that you are lazy
and your greed  [ __ ] rat no seriously you
want to know how you're going to deny the
fact that I'm asking for donations
to eat and then send me some
whatsapps buying you a tv you're not going to
see me asking for money to buy myself
a tv or to buy my [ __ ] shitty
whims that's your business I
imagine they're going to say something like
the tv was actually brought to you by the three
wise men but above all I'm
looking forward to him denying the fact that
I didn't start attacking you for your [ __ ]
face to be in favor of all the
popular opinion when people turned
against you but rather I got mad at
you for something that you
apologized for later and that is that you made a
thread on twitter calling me everything and
then I also want you to while the
fact that this battle now both the
other time and now they started them
because the last three conversations I
have with you in private are some
asking me for forgiveness for having insulted you on
twitter what will you tell me when you're
angry with someone like the one who told him
about apologies no longer  it makes no [ __ ] sense
then you talked to me again to
ask me something about taking care that everything was left
or something like that and then I talked to you
so you could send me this
screenshot where it says he gets with a
girl for you cut or something like that
that screenshot was sent to me veda for those
are the last three times we talked it
gives me [ __ ] and after that he came out
with a [ __ ] video throwing [ __ ] I hope I did
n't take it personally of course
machine let's see how he denies all those
things and all the things I'm going to say in
this video okay true let's see how you
do it because if you are going to be able to get a
bunch of shitty conversations in which I
contradict myself surely in which I
came out as a hypocrite in which I
changed my opinion because before I was in
favor of one side and now the other but
there's nothing you can do to
discredit me and to get rid of
the image that he has of a [ __ ] rat okay and
not a [ __ ] rat but a [ __ ] rat and
also a liar okay there's nothing I
can prove to know that you're not
a liar veda fa come on  let's start with
the topic that made all this
explode if it's the fact that the win
michu video hasn't changed compared to my
live and my game over to winniczuk
according to veda fa in the first video
that he makes attacking me he has reviewed
the entire live that
inspired him to make his video today he has
changed me and the only unique and ximo thing that he
copies me is
but it's more marked to review his
video and the only only thing that I
copied from him was the example he gives
of the maxi vergas that there was a video in
which will smith one was throwing money
don't get sick he's going to say with all your
balls veda fac the only one and
we wanted that you planned me was in what you
owe and berga el selu guy what will I say
has reviewed this because I was
reviewing it yesterday and made facts or it seems
normal or it seems like you guys are having
a beer on the street oh I shot myself he
says this phrase things that you wouldn't say even as a
[ __ ] joke being with a friend
having a  land in the neighborhood that
is like a sexist base damn that's life
I am there is a moralism what man doesn't
like to be liked dies what woman
doesn't like to be liked by men I [ __ ]
on the [ __ ] Santi the [ __ ] is leaving the [ __ ] I
give to wish macho since when does it exist
that a woman is interested in pleasing the
rest of men come on, be a
woman it can't occur to you to have
interest in pleasing men
don't be sexist uncle-grandpa for attention
with the phrase that you say in person is what I
don't believe at all it's when
you say nonsense like
this come on for God come on
please man I prefer that animals like
the lack of if I'm going to build an ark I'm going to build
an ark and I'm going to
gather a male and a female of each
species for when the flood comes
look huixm if they are all the in fact it is
missing to say that you are going to donate the amount
of this video to an animal pound
because yesterday given poor things seriously you
are getting to the point of saying I don't
want to cost the  Women please
I prefer to like animals if we would
tell a man that he's a jerk
because he only knows how to look for
women, we can also see it if the
problem is when you start defending
feminism to the point where it
denies that women can have the
sexual desire to be liked by the rest of the
men offensive and racist wind beach is
that you have a video on your channel
throwing bananas in his face month and
dick that's racist and that you have a
channel on your channel a video that he
still needs has already deleted it
wiping his ass with the new flag
anyone from Chile that's racism wing
michu no need to go back to the 60s
water cover catch you being a
racist there goes luismi sucks [ __ ]
copy it
yes
[Music]
that was because because in the video he
was insisting again on the change
again
that video seems to have been made
consciously so that people would say or
what wonders with michu is wonderful
and yes wish michu this also includes very
good work from masculine construction
that on the one hand but  it turns out that
later in the meta fa video he
challenges them to find where it is
plagiarized from the other things he says in
his web mix 1 he has changed and I tell him
okay I was wrong
sorry I was wrong sorry however I
challenge you to find in his
live extract at what point we can talk
about wish michu's bottle at what
point we can analyze the fake crying at
what point he talks about wish michu
still having chat roulette is public
at what point do they find the
contradictions in the
rest and iron play interviews at what point he says
that yes he believes that wish kicked me out he has
changed in part but on the other hand it is
posturing at what point does he make a
more or less in-depth analysis of his way of
mind and you want to know when he did all
these things well right after I
take out in my life not all he got it from that live
there is a part that he took from other
videos of mine and if you are going to tell me the
truth again that the first video of mine that you saw
was the one from Michoacn sent on the
secondary channel I tell you that you do not know
why because in win michu himself he has not
changed you let  some
screenshots where you can see that you see my videos
okay I already saw them back then
but anyways I've been watching
a ton of my old videos
tonight I'm going to find all those parts
which
lage in your life hasn't changed but with
words even textual with jokes and
with the same phrases and here you have them
pieces and nobody remembers bottles or
someone talks about bottles nowadays no well that's
why he deleted the video from the
secondary channel or he could simply
ignore the subject and let time
know everything and people forget but no I
'm not like that however if you go in search of
the video you will realize that he
has already deleted it so that people don't know that
he did this which by the way veda by the
time he shows this take out this
article from the magazine to the world okay in
to win mix it hasn't changed you even take out the
same article from the video where I
say it okay
the same article take out this video
where you copy it from it's called wheat michu
against twitter soccer
soccer avatar okay if we go to to
win michu hasn't changed you left
this capture here on the sides where
recommended videos keep coming out  mine and
many seen with the red line okay
champion your change began in the
interview on the risto mejide show
that put you between a rock and a hard place
left you between a rope and from there
you decided to change since his interview
with risto mejide he has matured as a
person and has really made a change
better not just for show, but for the
commercial side be very careful it seems good to me
that you have stopped being a sexist
at least on a public level and I clarify this
because none of us know what
you are like on a private level yes it is true
that all in the past we have been a
little more sexist more closed okay
we have been raised in this society I think
that all of us have become less
sexist in the last four years with
the new wave of feminism even
people like me who are critical of
certain sectors of feminism are
sexist moments today than we
could be about four years ago
so please stop emphasizing
the word change so much okay the word change
that he wants so much he wants that when I
hear the word change the
mind comes uy michu he wants to relate that
word with  he and he's still changing me I've
changed it's not necessary for you to do it's
in your paragraph to show us how much you've
changed because I really only
focused on one video but in all of
your videos there is a
reference and feminism is the best it's not
necessary that in all of your videos you say
at some point or at several times don't
be racist guys or something that I want to
add for my part is that will smith
says he got into that situation
after that threat I was scared shitless and if we
compare it with what he says in this
interview it's really true and publish you
are from Galicia
as it was that I was a kid
and finishing this subject he also says
that the one who copies me on top of that
having huge balls okay you have to
grab the balls
you have to carry them in a wheelbarrow
advantage on top of that he accuses me nor I of
having plagiarized you scoundrel I
mean the irony of this is that he
copied me after your video
that made you famous was copied from me
and on top of that I didn't care that he
promoted it on top of that you tell me that then it
came to me  see it was all planned by your
clown video last night we were live
watching both the Veda fa video and
Miguel won't see much I'm going to leave it in
the description because I'm not going to
put the entire live here but we
were watching it all and literally
the only thing I copy is a phrase that they
don't complete literally and I put two
extracts from videos from the AFA DVD with their
permission with their [ __ ] permission the rest of the
things I say the 22 minutes have
absolutely nothing to do with any
of the videos that I get to upload before
mine but nothing to do with it
therefore it's fa to me you're a [ __ ] liar
okay plagiarist and liar now I have to
admit one thing and that is that I
wasn't very right in
telling people that anyone who
continued to tell the truth was the same as
forgiving me because I didn't know how to express myself
well but what I meant to say is that
anyone who continued to tell the truth after what
we're putting out is worth it not to continue telling the
truth at that moment because
obviously many of those who
follow you follow me because I  what was
promoted it is logical that we coincide
in subscribers but after the
points that I am going to clarify below
you will understand why I said it
after training or that he sees you as
[ __ ] coins and that he does not give a
[ __ ] you know I do not need three thousand
subscribers from Dallas for his
friends to move away a lot of bread I visit and
a lot of dental [ __ ] continue to subscribe to
that [ __ ] shitty channel the explanation they
give us scam the money that he has
rapped from the people the money that he has
rapped both from donations and
stealing content from others in the
next you know where it is now the
money I charged for the blonde video I
gave it all to my mother
because she needed it and as a result of this
during these months I have been supporting
myself as I have been able on the one hand it
seems justifiable to me that if
a person in your family is going through
hardships you do whatever it takes to give them
money even if that thing includes
and legal for example I was more or less
legal the fact that if my children
are going hungry I would go into a
supermarket and steal food that does not
mean that the justification is
entirely correct what I was saying to myself  came to
see me you're a [ __ ] hypocrite
because on top of stealing content you were
crying on twitter when they stole a
30 second meme from you the thing is that it doesn't
make sense to me that your mother is starving
when she had on your live shows she said
that your mother sent you money so you
could live independently with your girlfriend
when your state pay ran out if
you are 20 years old and don't have children and don't
have enough money to become
independent it's not logical that your
parents send you money if they can't
send it to you if they are sending it to you it's
because they can if not you go back home
with them many of you who are
watching my video may not have become
independent yet and don't know what it's like to
live alone but living alone entails
paying a mortgage or rent paying
community fees paying electricity paying water paying for
food okay a
couple can spend at least 300 on food the
internet connection for example no
because they have internet upload videos and
then things always come up like for
example a pipe bursts which is
treated like  lock that your
air conditioning breaks down anyway
those things so taking into account
and the fact that you are a [ __ ] liar you
are going to allow me to doubt your
word and the fact that you put your
mother and a friend in charge there is an audio
saying that they are really
starving I find it regrettable it gives me peace
I find it [ __ ] ridiculous I don't know what
you thought that your father was going to send an
audio there agreeing with Javier and
Beira who by the way I just got notified
that retweeted today to Javi liberal
loves to highlight the hypocrisy of others
although in practice and very often I
refuse to comment on studies I refuse to
comment on things about mothers of girlfriends and
things that will come they seem very
lazy to me god it seems pathetic to include
the family in your YouTube story
god
but I knew it's that the [ __ ] thing I knew you know ca
n't explain to me when I answer
the video [ __ ] clown what the hell does it have to
do with you being with your mother
being with your mother and making her say some
things in your YouTube video with my
wife getting involved  to clarify an issue when
those people put her in threatening to
send her pictures of me cheating on her
you are an [ __ ] scammer well
if you are what the [ __ ] am I asking
well and a little false too
again stop the video and read this capture and the
thing is that in any case in the hypothetical
case that what you are saying is
true that you do not have anything to eat get ready to
work you [ __ ] lazy thing living off
youtube comes only with time with
perseverance but if your family is
going through hardships and you too get
ready to work when I was in the
factory with a salary of 1300 bucks there have
been times that I have
worked at night at telepizza or at
mcdonald's to be able to feed my
family the [ __ ] guy in the field
took advantage of his fame to ask
people about job offers god
when have you done that which by the way
he had in his videos he says that a friend
although he is a clown since I am here I will
also clarify that there is a video out there
of a clown who is a friend of javi live
since he does not mention it  because it's about
charisma and charisma is a person who
according to you is irrelevant and will never be
answered because they don't have
enough subscribers for you to
answer them because you have bigger fish to catch
than [ __ ] buffoon uploaded by
this irrelevant person who doesn't want to
mention because it's not worth it to you
yesterday I showed you a video busting your
[ __ ] mouth that you have five videos
five [ __ ] videos saying that your
economy is bad that they are going to throw you out of the
apartment that you don't have anything to eat but I do
n't feel ashamed okay because at
no time in all the videos have you
said that you are going to look for a job at no
time have you said that you or your partner
are looking for a job because you live
in Barcelona- okay in Catalonia and now
in the summer in the hospitality industry in any
campsite you can work and at no
time is it saying guys I'm
looking for a job me and my partner okay
we are sending out resumes if you can help me
out fine and if not too but don't
worry because I'm looking for a job no
here we say that we don't have anything to eat
but at no time in 78 videos or 12
have you mentioned the word look for a job
in none and what I find most
regrettable is that you use your mother
okay in a voice note because this
woman has nothing to do with this
YouTube thing and the mother I'm saying that you don't
have anything to eat okay because I am your
mother and I'm telling you yes I'm going to send the
voice note but you would have to look for a
job Victor who is 20 or 19 years old and
you can do a season and if
YouTube comes in 400 every month plus a thousand
euros that you can earn at a campsite
or in a supermarket and a better
love
well now it turns out that the defense he
's trying to use is that well
he's looking for a job what happens is that he has
n't said it in public and you screw up again it
gives me f because I have some
jokes with you where I'm telling you
that you have to see the time you get up
and he answers me with all the arrogance
telling me that it takes a long time
before being a YouTuber getting up in
the afternoon I get up in the afternoon since a
long time ago on YouTube this photo of a
tuna girl came out in [ __ ] life what it is to
bend your back and what it costs  earn
money and bring home the bread this guy
doesn't know what a job is and how he's supposed to
behave at a job this
brat is the typical one that you put to
work in a factory
posturing all your time or going to the
bathroom every five minutes and everyone
walking around like this with the [ __ ] factory why are
you staying that I asked you in December for a raise I
know a little about the salary since
you were charging at
least 50 euros per video and they paid me 15 when
editing the video is the majority of the
work if I had a little idea of
how jobs work I wouldn't say
things like this [ __ ] [ __ ] just said
I would never hear anyone
come to work at a bar and tell the
owner of the bar that hey don't pay him
a thousand euros pay him 2500 because the
owner of the business is worth 5 thousand
net or
more not even half I do the
dirty work I know that I'm not the person who turns
off my workers because I'm a
youtuber with 200,000 subscribers when
I have 3 or 4 million subscribers
rest assured  I'm sure paying a lot more
live view on another day in one or
where I explain it more extensively okay
not to get too carried away here with the
description too but all the people
who work with me are very happy and
very pleased to work with me because
I always behave very well in fact what's
not normal is that you come
asking for work not me looking for you you
asking me for work I give it to
you accept the conditions and two
days later you're like a [ __ ] beggar there's nothing
that makes me angrier in life than
a beggar what happened is that when
my channel grew I was already
charging more for my videos than for editing one of your videos
this is something else that is a lie and it's
another thing okay if we go more or
less the time he's referring to well what
happens here is that today he has deleted
half of his channel no but if we
go back to the time he's referring to which is being
December about five or
six months he doesn't have any video for which he
charges more than fifteen or twenty euros
but no way we're talking about
videos of 22 thousand 30 thousand  19 thousand 29 thousand
thousand this for this maybe if 2,500
views 4 thousand 200 views 10 thousand views
a video 9 seconds what the [ __ ] is he
talking to me [ __ ] liar and I was thinking I'm
going to keep editing videos for Javi
when he pockets a lot of money per video
that he pays me 10 percent of his
earnings because it's not just what
the video generates but you also have to take
into account that for each of Javi's videos
the channel grows and continues
to feed back and the algorithm continues to work
and a lot of the people who watch
the videos end up going to you know and it
gives him even more money so I said look
this guy is making a fortune and I'm
pocketing four euros here I'm going to
stop editing videos another one of the
things that makes us realize that
this kid doesn't know how
work works and how to keep a job is
because of the [ __ ] guy who made me with the
video that one who meditated badly and then on
top of that he kept the money and in case
anyone doesn't believe it they found a
live stream of one of the exact moments at
4 in the morning when I was
summarizing that video and in the end I ended up
winning what happened
[ __ ] parenting the stitch I'm going to you what the
[ __ ] is going on with this video dude I
uploaded it and it's 10 minutes long but if I have it
here and it lasts 19 [ __ ] man what a cloth
video what a
cloth [ __ ] video dude and this one has already
gone too far they cost guys because here I
wake up for natives and I don't know if
you guys can call me weird but when they
leave me a job poorly done at the factory I would stay
overtime to fix it or
I would go to work on a Saturday or
whatever but if I hadn't done a
job well I had to fix it I don't know I
think there are thousands of ways to
look good with a person who hasn't
done a job well and this line
is all a [ __ ] scoundrel but to me
as much as the video was about wish
much I couldn't care less about the subject so I
left it there I told him no that I
was overlooking the whole thing that I absolutely couldn't care
less
I'm excited like I mean I would say
yes even though I don't like
editing other people's content anymore because I
want to focus  on my channel for the simple
fact that louis missouri you know
getting back to the topic of donations this
kid uses an argument and it is to
compare it to me because people
have donated to me to denounce dalla because he
sent nothing by computer veda fat man
donated for thousands of things the problem
with asking for donations all youtubers
and all streamers live off
people's money I'm going to use
the field as an example again because in fact it
would be a person that you follow a
lot and the field has 15,000
paid subscriber points on tweets people
spend money on being subscribed you
go out the field knowing knowing what
site has money you're not going to see me
asking for money to save him from a
complaint you're not going to see me asking for
money to buy me the tv or to
buy my [ __ ] shitty whims
he says we'll never see you asking for
money to save you from a complaint or
to buy you a tv well to
buy a tv yes we have victory
and to save you from a complaint we haven't
seen you asking for money he scammed me
because in the end thanks to me dallas
took fabric but  if
you don't have anything to eat what would you have done if I had it I would have asked for the money anyway when people send me money it's because they came out of their dicks I have never said that I am short of money or rather it is that in fact it does not fit in anyone's
head to think that I am short of money
everyone knows and you can see that I am
doing well when people helped me with the
complaint it was because it came from the
heart because they gave me a complaint
because I made a mistake in certain content
and my subscribers who have been with me for
years have enjoyed that content and
have emphasized with me man wants to help
and with the computer thing something else three
quarters of the same as if I were there
begging for something as if I were
there begging for something my landlord kicked me out of
my [ __ ] little house so I don't need to
pay for an apartment 9 done this was kind of
tragic kind of funny but the other day I was
able to eat thanks to them literally you will
never have seen me say that
I am short of money that I am screwed the
most I can say which is true
is that for anyone well it is a
pain to have to pay four thousand bucks
for a complaint  that's true, I think I've
said that with me it was a
big stick, paying 4 thousand euros and especially a
month before my son was born, if by
shaping the house to adapt to the
child, our subscribers do
whatever the hell they want with their money,
scam, the problem comes when you
're trying to make people feel sorry for you and claiming that they're
going to kick you out of the house and
leaving it in their hands whether you
eat or not because maybe I
'm a subscriber who normally gives you
five ten twenty euros a month if you
're telling me that it's up to me whether you
go without food or not, then maybe I'll go ahead
and buy a pair of
jeans but I'm going to say, look, instead of
buying the jeans, I'm going to
give him another thirty euros in pieces and make
an effort that I normally wouldn't make to
give it to you, you scoundrel, the worst of
all is that you say it as if I were
trying to make people feel sorry for me when I give it a
touch of comedy, like [ __ ] up a
touch of Rafa's comedy, although, well,
let's see what it is for you  a
touch of comedy I
was watching your video
Dallas was reporting the FAC and I wanted to
ask you do you really think you're going to be left
can he report me for that video like
the video a minute ago or rather because
that video is like way too satirical
or rather it's like the music the tone I don't
even say verbatim Dallas
[ __ ] a minor or something like that I mean I
think there are few more things I have to
clarify about this kid I thank you
because things were getting low on
controversy and in the end you made me release
a couple of videos and there's something else that needs to be
clarified I will release more videos I'm going
to do the same as you instead of
taking to clarify everything and make a good
video of 30 40 or 50 minutes whatever it
takes has started to make a series part 1 part today as many as it takes with the difference that I am going to profit from you clown says in your video the following you can delete the comments you want on your channel but on my channel
absolutely all of them will remain but nevertheless we
got into the premiere of your video the
other day and I was like crazy deleting
comment too bad I didn't record it but
the people who were there were
watching it in fact if you go into the video
here there is the possibility that you can
see the chat that was live
then block it and adore
and well see afa as I said at the
beginning of the video I felt sorry and I
was about to stop all this [ __ ] because
a friend was half convincing me he
told me you've already humiliated the hub and there's no
need to make more videos because you're going to
sink someone who is sunk and I
told him no man I'm just
defending myself but even so I was
and the feeling of screwing me makes me feel sorry
apart from that it helped me at the time such and such
but you didn't have the slightest
consideration when making the video
that you made me and besides now it's screwed
up again so [ __ ] you